Update README.md with deprecation notice (#15)
ariga/djangoviz: README.md

![alt text](https://entgo.io/images/assets/erd/edges-quick-summary.png)

> [!WARNING]
> ## Deprecation Notice

> > This repository has been deprecated. Please refer to [Atlas Django Provider](https://github.com/ariga/atlas-provider-django#inspect) for Atlas Cloud integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This repository has been deprecated. Please refer to the [Atlas Django Provider](https://github.com/ariga/atlas-provider-django#inspect) documentation for up to date instructions.
```
